#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
astor==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   formulaic
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autograd==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autograd-gamma
    #   lifelines
autograd-gamma==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lifelines
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   pip-tools
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   tsfresh
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
copt @ git+https://github.com/openopt/copt.git@21a0caf0f8c6fbc58de05ea8bc70e36c83fb62be
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dask[dataframe]==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   tsfresh
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
distributed==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
ecos==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-survival
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
formulaic==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lifelines
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autograd
graphlib-backport==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   formulaic
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   numba
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib
    #   notebook
    #   scikit-survival
interface-meta==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   formulaic
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-survival
json5==0.9.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lifelines==0.27.7
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lifelines
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
notebook==7.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stumpy
numexpr==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-survival
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autograd
    #   contourpy
    #   copt
    #   dask
    #   ecos
    #   formulaic
    #   lifelines
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   qdldl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-survival
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tsfresh
osqp==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-survival
overrides==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   formulaic
    #   lifelines
    #   scikit-survival
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
qdldl==0.1.7.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   osqp
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   tsfresh
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-survival
    #   tsfresh
scikit-survival==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autograd-gamma
    #   copt
    #   ecos
    #   formulaic
    #   lifelines
    #   osqp
    #   qdldl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-survival
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tsfresh
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   copt
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sklearn==0.0.post7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   copt
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
stumpy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
tblib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   copt
    #   tsfresh
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
tsfresh==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   async-lru
    #   formulaic
    #   ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   formulaic
zict==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
